<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:ev="http://www.w3.org/2001/xml-events" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>Rick Steves Scandinavia</title>
<link href="9781641716086.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:a297e3d9-bea2-452a-a968-6b1e277742f7" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<p class="copy1"><a id="page_919"/><a id="copy"/>Avalon Travel</p>
<p class="copy">Hachette Book Group</p>
<p class="copy">555 12th Street</p>
<p class="copy">Oakland, CA 94607</p>
<p class="copy1">Text © 2024 by Rick Steves’ Europe, Inc. All rights reserved.</p>
<p class="copy">Maps © 2024 by Rick Steves’ Europe, Inc. All rights reserved.</p>
<p class="copy1">17th Edition. First printing July 2024.</p>
<p class="copy1">ISBN 978-1-64171-607-9</p>
<p class="copy">eISBN: 978-1-64171-608-6</p>
<p class="copy1">For the latest on Rick’s talks, guidebooks, tours, public television series, and public radio show, contact Rick Steves’ Europe, 130 Fourth Avenue North, Edmonds, WA 98020, +1 425 771 8303, <a class="nounder" href="http://RickSteves.com">RickSteves.com</a>, <a class="nounder" href="mailto:rick@ricksteves.com">rick@ricksteves.com</a>.</p>
<p class="copy1">Hachette Book Group supports the right to free expression and the value of copyright. The purpose of copyright is to encourage writers and artists to produce the creative works that enrich our culture. The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book without permission is a theft of the author’s intellectual property. If you would like permission to use material from the book (other than for review purposes), please contact <a class="nounder" href="mailto:permissions@hbgusa.com">permissions@hbgusa.com</a>. Thank you for your support of the author’s rights. The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are not owned by the publisher.</p>
<p class="copya"><strong>Rick Steves’ Europe</strong></p>
<p class="copyi"><strong>Managing Editor:</strong> Jennifer Madison Davis</p>
<p class="copyi"><strong>Editorial Group Manager:</strong> Cathy Lu</p>
<p class="copyi"><strong>Editors:</strong> Glenn Eriksen, Julie Fanselow, Tom Griffin, Suzanne Kotz, Matthew Lombardi, Rosie Leutzinger, Teresa Nemeth, John Pierce, Jessica Shaw, Carrie Shepherd, Mark Sullivan, Chelsea Wing</p>
<p class="copyi"><strong>Researchers:</strong> Ben Curtis, Ben Green, Cameron Hewitt, Pål Bjarne Johansen, Carrie Shepherd</p>
<p class="copyi"><strong>Contributor:</strong> Gene Openshaw</p>
<p class="copyi"><strong>Creative Director:</strong> Sandra Hundacker</p>
<p class="copyi"><strong>Maps &amp; Graphics:</strong> Orin Dubrow, David C. Hoerlein, Lauren Mills, Mary Rostad</p>
<p class="copya"><strong>Avalon Travel</strong></p>
<p class="copyi"><strong>Senior Editor &amp; Series Manager:</strong> Madhu Prasher</p>
<p class="copyi"><strong>Associate Managing Editors:</strong> Jamie Andrade, Sierra Machado</p>
<p class="copyi"><strong>Copy Editor:</strong> Kelly Lydick</p>
<p class="copyi"><strong>Proofreader:</strong> Elizabeth Jang</p>
<p class="copyi"><strong>Indexer:</strong> Stephen Callahan</p>
<p class="copyi"><strong>Production &amp; Typesetting:</strong> Lisi Baldwin, Rue Flaherty, Jane Musser, Ravina Schneider</p>
<p class="copyi"><strong>Cover Design:</strong> Kimberly Glyder Design</p>
<p class="copyi"><strong>Maps &amp; Graphics:</strong> Kat Bennett</p>
<p class="copy1"><em>Although every effort was made to ensure that the information was correct at the time of going to press, the author and publisher do not assume and hereby disclaim any liability to any party for any loss or damage caused by errors, omissions, bad herring, or any potential travel disruption due to labor or financial difficulty, whether such errors or omissions result from negligence, accident, or any other cause.</em></p>
</body>
</html>